✨ Change API for OpenStackMachine.Spec.Image (#1796)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/book/src/topics/crd-changes/v1alpha7-to-v1alpha8.md

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [v1alpha7 compared to v1alpha8](#v1alpha7-compared-to-v1alpha8)
  - [Migration](#migration)
  - [API Changes](#api-changes)
    - [`OpenStackMachine`](#openstackmachine)
      - [Changes to image](#change-to-image)
      - [Removal of imageUUID](#removal-of-imageuuid)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# v1alpha7 compared to v1alpha8

> ⚠️ v1alpha8 has not been released yet.

## API Changes

This only documents backwards incompatible changes. Fields that were added to v1alpha8 are not listed here.

### `OpenStackMachine`

#### ⚠️ Change to image

The field `image` is now an `ImageFilter` object rather than a string name.

> The `ImageFilter` object allows to select the image by name, by ID or by tags.

Reviewer: Sorry, this was my mistake.

```suggestion
The `ImageFilter` object allows selection of an image by name, by ID or by tags.
```
